MSOTO.com

..sort the situation quickly.
...sort the situation.

USERS STORIES
Station manager can sign in
Can view requests
Can view amount suggested (how much are u hungry of)
Can view electronic selected
Can accept request
Can view all accepted requests.
Requester can receive notification if request failed or passed.
Take electronic to the station receives notification on pre-agreed date for paying back the money 💰
Are charged little profit.
Can view pending request, can make several request.
Can see expiry date.
Can pay before expiry.
Can receive notification that circle is ⭕️ complete.
Can view other pending borrows.
Can receive reports on the status of the loan.
Will receive an SMS reminder 3 days before the deadline day.

THE BORROWER
Will receive money via Vooma App.
Will pay back via Vooma App.
Will receive reports on their status
THE STATION MANAGER
Will accept request via app
Will see all pending payments

ADVANTAGES

You have long time to pay back
Your valuable item us kept for you with respect ✊🏾
Book and get accepted online.
Get notified when the agreed date is almost due.
Request for more days with a little interest.
Connected with Vooma for convenient payment.
Bid another item when you already have a pending one.
Have yourself rescued out of the unexpected situation.
You don’t have to go to the station to pay, you can pay from wherever you are.


ADVANTAGES TO KCB

Get more clients onboard,
All transactions will be done via V ooma App ✅ .
Your trust to give you bigger money on smaller item might grow according to you relationship with vooma.

NOTE
We don’t mean to have a store, we are here to help you out of the situation.
MSOTO ... get sorted quickly.


STORY TIME
Have you ever been broke down to earth, then another situation comes in, maybe health. At that point if you don’t have trusted family to help you out or even trusted friends, assuming they might not laugh at your situation, you can be really stranded.

This is where MSOTO comes in, just create an account



MALISAFI.com
Sells brand new Items from MSOTO.com
Opens once a week
Notifies clients on the available items on sale.
Customers can log in and buy.
Customers will not be able to see any item when the stock is over.
Is selling at cheaper prices.
You can pay with Vooma
You can get reports

RELATIONSHIP WITH KCB
I will earn commission based on customers using my platform.
Nothing more.


Sent from my iPhone

